no-cosmetic-filtering: www.amazon.com true
no-cosmetic-filtering: www.asus.com true
no-cosmetic-filtering: forum.dd-wrt.com true
no-cosmetic-filtering: www.europris.no true
no-cosmetic-filtering: gg.deals true
no-cosmetic-filtering: www.gog.com true
no-cosmetic-filtering: accounts.google.com true
no-cosmetic-filtering: drive.google.com true
no-cosmetic-filtering: fonts.google.com true
no-cosmetic-filtering: groups.google.com true
no-cosmetic-filtering: mail.google.com true
no-cosmetic-filtering: myaccount.google.com true
no-cosmetic-filtering: myactivity.google.com true
no-cosmetic-filtering: play.google.com true
no-cosmetic-filtering: remotedesktop.google.com true
no-cosmetic-filtering: support.google.com true
no-cosmetic-filtering: onedrive.live.com true
no-cosmetic-filtering: outlook.live.com true
no-cosmetic-filtering: meny.no true
no-cosmetic-filtering: www.nvidia.com true
no-cosmetic-filtering: store.playstation.com true
no-strict-blocking: ad.doubleclick.net true
no-strict-blocking: cdn.exponea.com true
no-strict-blocking: otf.msn.com true
no-strict-blocking: newrelic.com true
no-strict-blocking: images.saymedia-content.com true
